Adding the 'kernel' topic (#2506)
github/explore: topics/kernel/index.md

---

> aliases: monolithic, microkernel, micro-kernel, exokernel, nanokernel

Reviewer: `monolithic` could mean different things in different contexts, so I'm not sure it's an appropriate alias.

```suggestion
aliases: microkernel, micro-kernel, exokernel, nanokernel
```

display_name: Kernel
short_description: Kernels are software at the core of modern operating systems that interact with hardware.
topic: kernel
wikipedia_url: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kernel_(operating_system)
---

> A kernel is the heart of almost every operating system. It is always loaded in memory at any time and deals with the hardware to provide an interface for the software. It also manages peripherals, memory, interrupts, processes...
> Example of widely used kernels: Windows NT, Linux. 

Reviewer: What do you think about rewording this description to complete sentences?

```suggestion
A kernel is the heart of almost every operating system. It is always loaded in memory at any time and deals with the hardware to provide an interface for the software. It also manages peripherals, memory, interrupts, and processes. Examples of widely used kernels include Windows NT and Linux. 
```
